Workflow to generate timelapse-videos with darktable and DTTimelapse


=== Start darktable ===

Lighttable: Import folder with all timelapse images
Lighttable: Discard history stack of all images
Lighttable: Mark keyframe-images with one-star-rating (or color-rating)

Darkroom: Apply modul exposure (value 0,00) to keyframe images
Darkroom: Apply modul crop+rotate (aspect ratio 16:9) to keyframe images
Darkroom: Modify keyframe images at need
Darkroom: Check that all keyframe images share the same filter history 
(Lighttable: Write sidecar files (normally automatic))


=== Start DTTimelapse ===

Choose folder with timelapse images
(auto: Read image information with exiftool)
(auto: Create jpg-previews images in subfolder 'preview')
(JPG: convert large images to 750x500px with imagemagick)
(RAW: extract jpg-preview with exiftool and convert to 750x500px)
(auto: Compute the luminance mean of all preview images)
(auto: Show luminance curve) Not implemeted yet.
(auto: Read filter data from XMP files)
(auto: Identify keyframes e.g. one-star-rating from XMP file)
Interpolate keyframes filter data for all images and save it in XMP files.

Deflicker (optional)
(auto: Filter the luminance curve for deflickering target) 
(auto: Show deflicker curve) Not implemeted yet.
(auto: Calibrate the luminance sensitivity of the scene)
(auto: Apply deflickering target in settings of darktable exposure module) 
(auto: export revised XMP-files)
(Deflicker works only between two neighboured keyframes ?)

Create frames
(auto: delete old frames if existing in subfolder 'frames')
(auto: create jpg-frames with darktable-cli and revised XMP-files)
Export video
(auto: video export of the frames with mencoder)
Remark: You can use the same frames for different framerates or codecs
or quality or smaller sizes, for mencoder can downsize images itself.



=== Future version ===

Create and initialize XMP-files within DTTimelapse
(no need to initialize filters in darktable)

Mark keyframe images; at least first and last image.
Set at least filter exposure and filter cropping.
Set one-star-rating for keyframe images.
Export initial XMP-files.


